= Ruby On Acid

A Ruby library for making trippy visuals.


= Factories

The factory is the core concept of Ruby On Acid.  You create a factory of a particular type, and then anywhere in your code that you need a value within a certain range, you get it from the factory.  For example, if you need x and y coordinates for drawing on a 800 x 600 window, you would tell a factory that you need a value for :x from 0 to 800, and a value for :y from 0 to 600.  If you later wanted to change drawing patterns, you could simply swap out factories.


= Roadmap

* A value emitter that evaluates the last value for 2 keys and modifies a third based on them.  (Example, change the size of rectangles based on their x and y coordinates.
* View containers: Fire off one or more views and combine them with a series of factories, updating them several times each and saving output.
* Skip Factory: Add probability matrix [0.5, 0.9, 0.1...] that causes get_unit() to return true every time rand() is > given value. Also add mask value (0.1, 0.9), etc, that is added to random value to increase likelihood of returning true.


= Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but
   bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.


= Copyright

Copyright (c) 2009 Jay McGavren. See LICENSE for details.
